so we'll start off by melting some
butter in and putting a few little
segments of bacon in the back I probably
got an audience there they think I think
they think that I'm mad I'm hoping that
when I've cooked this and proof then I
need a lot is true you know about these
programs we do are you Clyde we really
do win these things you know I mean it's
it is quite tongue it's quite the fun
it's turn the gas down a little if you
hear any strange noises and things don't
be surprised because the restaurant is
open they are serving all their
wonderful ribs and southern prejudice up
right a few little bits of red pepper at
this stage I've got this pan too hot
having problems few red peppers a few
bit of green peppers I wanted to put
some fresh chilies into this to make it
a bit spicy but I couldn't get any so
I'm using the red and green bell peppers
instead can they go okay now over here
I'm coming over here and you add some
corn to that now that the bacon and the
shallots and the peppers have all just
so they've done a little bit then luck
as luck would have it Irene had some
real chicken stock so I need to add a
little chicken stock to that and now
turn the gas right up
so while that's reducing let's have a
quick look at the phenomenon that
happens every day at the Peabody Hotel
twice a day these Ducks are marched from
their fountain in the bar to their duck
palace on the 19th floor
much to the delight of the tourists a
piece of Americana I could do well with
that if I want to drink at a zoo I take
my own bottle next week I shall train
those luckless Ducks to hang a right in
front of the elevator and March straight
into the kitchen back in the real
kitchen once that reduced we wax and
cream a little drop of the Imperial
Tennessee whiskey piece of fried chicken
which I'll put down here oh this is it
I've got it now it's ready sir
right here's my whiskey favorite corn
sauce
because of Irene's fried chicken get
some raw pecan see feel these little
onions and dusty chili yeah right
Memphis on a plate for me I'm either
gonna be dead or a hero